well welcome to your palms house your
mom's house podcast come for the moose
soup stay for Christina's cellar dry
personality there you go that was very
rude welcome who created that that is
Jake Glaser he's a voice-over artist he
certainly is
I have a few I have a great bunch of
submissions of his good they're good
well he's outstandingly talented but I'm
not sure I approve of the message why
not the budget has come in here you're
gonna be impressed by I'll give you I'll
give you taste it one more your mom's
house podcast with a black people yell
louder and the white people fart harder
oh I like that
what an astute observation - it's funny
I never would have liked written that
but you know mmm-hmm there you go pretty
funny yeah the whites do for it harder
here they do hey speaking of did you
hear my fart last night at 2:00 in the
morning no baby I didn't know this
really no woman I know you didn't hear
the baby crying weird how men don't seem
to hear a infant crying but baby was
howling and I went down there I came
back and I let out such a huge fart I
was really hoping to wake you up at that
point did I no of course not that I
could tell
I don't just ignore the cries I don't
hear the farts either so and I thought I
had to shit last night at 2:00 in the
morning which I that's your move yeah
that is my move it's also a good story
because this morning I woke up too you
know last night I thought I was going to
shit at 2:00 in the morning but I didn't
really okay
why do you want me to hold my stories
from you I thought we're married that's
the whole point is that we share now
you're right we are we're two mommies
one
yeah don't forget definitely one see
yeah that's what that's why we share a
pair yeah absolutely
wait so how's our house our dog's
butthole
our dog's butthole yeah they're running
the test abate that they run for for
itchy butt holes is that right yeah they
do a urine analysis because they think
that it could be that her vag is
bothered and that hole okay so they're
doing that they have a fecal sample now
the test for like parasite to see if
that's what's what's bugging it and then
they already did the actual anal
expression in the exam to see if there
was something that stood out they asked
you to lick it and taste it yeah they
said and it's like that that goes I also
need to examine you at the same time and
I was like that's weird why he goes well
a lot of time like the owner and the pad
it's like super advanced theory but they
could be you know yeah mimicking each
other and this is above my pay grade
okay go for it man so he did good we
figured any express your anal glands so
how'd that feel
oh great oh great he it was it now the
vet that you saw today was it was it the
James Irwin or was it known no knows I
do do Oh
are you presuming or already I am
presuming but it is yeah yeah what's
your pronoun he identified as male yeah
I think I know it's is he like yeah kind
of kind of sloppy goofy come a sweet guy
yeah yeah I guess is he crazy about
Brussels Griffon I mean he didn't
specify that he was definitely really
sweet with her what they'd say yeah yeah
because I when I brought her in there to
get her anal glands expressed about a
month ago there was like a sloppy sloppy
and Deering vet yeah he was really into
her yeah he's like oh my god I never see
the Brussels I'm like I know they're
special rare like me personality hello
color color did he tell you what she was
thinking no that is my pet peeve oh oh
that is one of my like my ultimate pet
peeves I can't believe I haven't taken
it on stage yet any day it's gotta be
like I think I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna shoot this special in a few weeks
yeah and then my next hour is going to
be called what your dog is
what what's she singing what do you
think Betsy's thinking well you know
your dog is feeling a little sad a
little anxious but also hopeful and this
is something we've observed in dogs for
years is like hopeful and then did your
dog did the dog report that to you when
it did the the list the chocolate was
she's a Gemini did she tell you that yes
the birth month yeah yeah yeah so the
cancer leanin you know it was great
about FIFO
so you took bitsy separately to the vet
and feaf was left behind and I thought
for sure fief would be like really upset
you know like why does Bizzy didn't give
a shit yeah was like oh you're gone
great and just that's the project feel a
lick of anxiety usually you've got major
anxiety yeah he's such a mental cater
people like didn't teach if what she had
the bitchh it was kind of you guys are
doing good I just pulled that one
because I really I think that's my
favorite part of the whole thing you
think that's your favorite friend think
so I think it's you got it's doing good
and she says it twice right it's
grammatically incorrect yeah well I
believe is the derivative what makes me
crazy think she's really in the game
guys are doing good yeah there's all
kinds of I like stuff I like when she
goes dirty bitch
yeah is that what she says dirty yes
it's not a very thick yeah we're good
that's weird Oh sort of us yeah OMG OMG
guys are doing good yeah don't forget
your mu soup shirts are now for sale
yeah I made for myself without the shirt
actually have a big announcement start I
don't normally do this but I'll save it
for during the show okay I started
no I got a gun and then we get shitty
later alright let's start our show let's
go here Oh Angie welcome to another
episode of your mom's house okay here we
go
hi Melanie Scott you win a panic hearts
Tantra I just want to share that there
are many ways to orgasm
mm-hmm don't actually have to be having
sex yeah or just from hugging hole is
Randy don't bring anyone love into this
welcome welcome
[Music]
you guys are doing good love she's your
your first grade teacher oh my god
can I tell you how much I hate anybody
that engages in any form of Tantra oh my
god this shit really gets under my skin
details I hate how happy they are recive
they're fucking misguided faces look and
I I really hated the fucking orgasm
because it was so stupid
it wasn't an orgasm a fake her up
shaking and laser oh oh my god that hug
fuck you fuck you is right why I feel
like I handed look why they look like
Tantra practice yeah that's the thing is
that there's always a look yeah I did
another thing like that's essential one
that's the new I like I like I like
fucking what are you doing - you're
putting your tongue or over your teeth
it's like the Maria oMG Maria effect
that's that's like I feel like that's
the version now of like I like it
mouth a little open it's always the same
go I'd you know PI I too kind of Dobby
like they just need something or was it
go eight years something like that yeah
he's a rare he's are but if you think
who do you think introduced her to us
amazing now well let the bank come when
you how you yeah these are these are
lost souls people who haven't found
Christ but they find the Tantra
horseshit you know I mean like it there
one seminar away from giving 20 percent
of their income to Scientology like
they're just there right if they just
took a different door you know but
they're they're finding Tantra mantra I
guess is John chose people who sign up
for come hugging don't get what they
signed up for yeah bet most people are
like I don't know I keep hugging but I'm
still not coming
then you just gotta let it go more and
then it's basically like speaking in
tongues in these you know Pentecostal
churches or it's like how'd that happen
and like well that guy's kind of
throwing a little extra spice on that oh
the whole how do I let you have a little
hot sauce on me you might not know about
and it's called faking it schizophrenic
yeah you gotta buy into the kool-aid you
have to drink it all okay housing your
body over eating look at the fat like
all I do is come on this woman all day
every day do you think they have small
children at home these types no look I
know these people have nothing in their
lives then hold them down get so much
free time see how much free time to be
able to engage intent oh nothing but
nothing but time yeah yeah okay look our
heart is hugging too but TV is really
nothing in an urn no way sure is it a
dry rub like the rub rub guy well that's
that is there that would help but I
don't think that's what's happening but
no but he says you can have an orgasm
inside the rub rub rub guy yeah you can
and I don't I don't doubt that right
yeah that'll doubt that but pacification
robber rah-rah you know what's the
problem with all this stuff is you know
I am happy when people find happiness
and in horse shit like this but if
they're paying money to go to a seminar
100 percent yeah and it's like a
thousand dollars a day to learn how to
color hug Rock yeah it's like oh fuck
don't stop taking advantage of these
poor souls who just need Jesus that's
how they make their money
taking advantage we're like it'd be
great to come when I hug if only there
were a seminar I Capanna thousand
dollars alone when I come I could come
and publish
probably my day way better I mean
honestly I'm thinking about that too
that would be great I'd be like you mean
I can just start giving hugs out start
coming yeah that was great
but of course I'm there's the part of my
brain that goes oh that's not happening
you're not going to do that of course
well and also don't you think it's
really messy you'd have come in your
pants all day oh yeah it's not and that
happens every time you hug you can like
your mom hung your mom and dad like that
okay okay well what if that's the gift
is that you can come hug but it's
everybody its indiscriminate come
hugging so you have your mother hello
you're coming your dad you're coming now
you can also hug you know Josh Potter
your go retarded
I think his phrasing is just I'd go
retarded fucking amazing I've I did with
POTUS okay but but listen you like the
feature of the come hug but it has to be
indiscriminate that is a problem
that's a real problem it's why I'm going
to keep not coming when I hug because I
do want to be described as a like the
concept of a comma right yeah so would
you rather have the come hug but it's
all the time you know whoever ever all
my friends I come on Ryan I come on are
you full charge Joe yeah although I wish
that my heart might come on yeah you say
hi to Ally
the comedy store fabulous come or be
retarded I mean it's a real simple I'd
go retarded
I'd be return it for sure what would you
do oh well a woman's orgasm is a little
more discreet and I won't have a load in
my pants yeah but you'd have I don't see
my right way that thing where people
feel like what you have to deal with
everything like what's going on you have
to be like any second like you have to
finish coming as they go like throw know
their hands will go like
all right like yeah everything all right
my hands kind of back off here you go
yeah so um good to see you
and then they're like I don't know
because they and everybody would feel
like maybe like I it's a little
presumptuous to think she just came in
my arms right but they would think
something's wrong with you right but I
could lie and tell them that I'm having
seizures and it's induced by touch it's
a touch seizure
they won't nobody will know now here's
the one problem because I don't see
family who cares my mom's dead I'll
never hug her but hugging my son that's
the problem
yeah that'll that's a lifetime of come
hugs with our boy I can't do that I'm
not cool that's true that's the one
reason I choose retarded just for that
yep
otherwise I would come hug I don't care
goddamn I just wanna hug people as much
I guess yeah I guess so right yeah hey
can you move my camera up a little I
move your camera up a little it's like
my top my head being cut off oh it moved
yeah I didn't do that what does that
happen I have no idea
Yeah right because my head looks like
it's being cut off Todd I didn't touch
that camera maybe accidentally it was
moved bumped yeah right OMG doing good
you're doing real good
oh yeah oh it's way better
god I was weird no OMG clue that one I
move for that deep bro so make sure that
that's frames right oh and G that's cool
okay I'll get your mu soup I mean unless
I live within here now we're back now
we're here alright
you guys are doing good aren't you glad
I mean of all the stations in life to be
born into that that wasn't your your mom
you know oh my god such a crapshoot it's
such a crapshoot who you're born to and
where or when I think about that when I
think about how blessed I am and I was
born and like I wasn't well you know
close enough to America yeah I could
have been it could have been fucking
really nuts that but you would also
think that that's normal for a long time
I know I was reading something on the
internet about people in Hong Kong who
live in coffin apartments have you seen
the shit no it's like it's like you know
people that drive cabs or our security
guards and can't afford the cost of
living in Hong Kong yeah they pay
something like 300 dollars a month and
they live in what it was basically a
like 125 square feet coffins it's
terrible and their TV their you know
toilet their kitchen sink everything is
in one narrow rectangle and they sleep
in it they do everything so horrible and
then you start thinking yourself
yeah but why just live somewhere else
what are you why don't you move to not
Hong Kong and go live where there's more
space and cost of living is cheaper dude
people just love this you know but
that's the same thing that people do in
the and I feel like in New York
especially yeah that's true it's just
like to go I don't care I will live I
will pay to live here right here what's
inside Waller well the whole being that
you'll improve your you know your income
level and you'll eventually not have
four roommates or that the whole thing
for you is that the values is based on
living in in that area it is yeah again
but you're in New York City well Astra
maybe Hong Kong - same here like I want
to move on up like a fucking Jefferson
so this is a from the description on
this video by the way we were watching a
study revealed that one in three women
have trouble reaching orgasm during sex
other research revealed that 8 out of 10
women fake it meet the lucky couple who
have an orgasm from hugging husband and
wife can orgasm through anything from
love making breathing dancing to the
weather conditions they're from Texas
they have full-body orgasms that lasts
as long as 18 hours they're so connected
one of them has an orgasm in the same
room without touching the other
automatically does as well okay and the
married couple of eight years believes
that anyone can learn to do this yeah
there are there been scientific tests so
now other than like experiments
verifying these facts I don't think so I
think this is a lot of acting life lies
acting it's just like the gays yeah it
is like I wish you and I were that
connected why don't we have no I'm good
that's too much connection Tantra
or in Contra Tantra Tantra it's nitch is
it tarot readings or Tarot great
question
well I listen to these you know nut bags
on Hay House radio sometimes and they
have people that talk to angels and
people that talk to dogs and some pet
psychics I love it and sometimes they do
say it that way you're like the turo is
calling your name true five dollars a
minutes and you're like okay I know it's
not Terro
hey by the way Bonjour Salva I have to
say thank you Messi to Montreal I was in
Montreal this week did you have putain I
had a little bite or two yeah
and shit is delicious dilute did you
have a waffle like I told you to I did
not have my bowl
but I had I had delicious food I had a
great great show at Olympia and then I
also went to Hampton Beach which the fun
thing about a tour like this where I've
gone extensively touring to so many
places is hitting cities where you're
like you have no expectations you have
low expectations because you're like
I've never even heard of this I was so
confused by Hampton Beach New Hampshire
I thought I was going to the Hamptons
mm-hmm that's what I would have thought
yeah all I know is not LA I know that's
what you think
I still don't really swear show was
crazy there then Wilmington Delaware had
no I know where Delaware is five no idea
thirteen original colony didn't have a
clue where it was I mean I knew was the
Northeast I was all I knew yeah I've
heard of it and then balls and horrors
Maryland yeah went fuckin off man just
so you know I mean if you're at that
show in my estimation for just as far as
like fun and reaction from the crowd
that had to be a top five show on this
tool
that's awesome and Ryan was there
sickle-cell went up there he did his
thing
stuff like Josh Potter yeah they that
yeah they were great they were fantastic
but the crowd was so fucking height you
know and that's honestly that's all
comics are ever looking for like when
they get time I loved it and like why
did you love that show because the
fucking show was great and because the
crowd was great yeah they're on board
they get it there's no judgment there's
no you know booing and doing I can you
know it's like from the moment you are
you know yeah yeah they're fun if two
seconds in you're like oh god this is
going to be crazy you know it was like
that so anyways thank God what a
blessing in the skies yeah nice yeah cuz
sometimes like I don't I mean I can't
look at this tour and be like that show
was all actually a couple I was like
roof and I don't I feel like they didn't
know how bad I thought the show was
which is good you want to tell him
thought it was terrible yeah but there
was a couple I was like Jesus but
there's some that were really fucking
cremains yeah like there was Montclair
New Jersey
I never favor I never heard of that
place I didn't think that would I know
that was another one where I was like
I've never even heard of this place
medicham Janan Seattle which I've heard
of heard in that town those shows were
fucking they're always jamming on the
one they were pretty crazy always
jamming one yeah I got really lucky
three marzo to always jam on Linda my
special taping that first cry was
fucking bananas what of what a luck I'm
watching cuz I'm editing it all now and
you're like dig those fuckers stood up
the minute I got out there like they
gave me a standing ovation what just
standing and it was crazy so lucky what
if what a fortune fortuitous event
that's the right word I don't know you
know I never goes down like that
stand-up you get a show like that once
every got sort of just that I'm saying
like and when you have one of those that
are taping you're like come on you're
fucking like I'm like lightning and a
motherfucking tantric bottle yep just
want to keep you positing coming all you
want to do again incoming
and I tell you what our toddler son did
today yeah rundown yeah so this morning
you were running around doing stuff and
I was taking care of our son by
ourselves because our nanny our beloved
amazed nannies visiting relatives in
Guatemala so we our nanny less just to
like real people how did how can we
tomorrow working and I mean like we're
up at the crack of six yeah we're at the
playground I'm chasing this kid he runs
off in the fields we come home he
slipped over the dog water bowl there's
water everywhere he's sloshing around
dog water hand he takes many strips down
he's in his die die rips his diet for
off pisses in the playroom just pisses
on one of his toys like that Walker toy
like he's hiding behind it and then all
of a sudden I see all this water I'm
like are you peeing and then he does it
again come back and like ten minutes
later he's like pulling down that died
night pisses right on the tile like he
wants to piss into something right yeah
he does so I think that's what the sign
is so I showed him the toilet and I
explained to him like hey you tell her
one more fuckin time I will crack your
fucking jaw if you ever do that yeah and
your penis is dirty and wrong it's
disgusting the rule that's how I've
heard to do it you told me do this one
more fucking time you're gonna catch the
back of my hand yeah okay you know my
Nana and Hungary my Hungarian Nana used
to tie my uncle to the toilet like tie
him with a rope to toilet trained him do
you think that's cool no I think I might
have you might have bathroom issues
today I think she also dressed him up
like a girl oh he was five yeah yeah I'm
sure he's a fine they were really good
at child development sounds like in the
old world yeah can is that nut so that
that's kind of what that is what they
assume like you're born with an adult
brain in a baby body yeah it doesn't
make like how can they even assume that
and I think that for the most part it
seems like every generation does way
better right than the one well
theoretically yeah but like our parents
generation there's good and bad in it
but they're way better
the generation my Nana yeah a total
barbarian my dad said that he had a
pretty like they had a good relationship
you know parents there's also like
pretty formal you know it was like you
know he said like they were if they
would show affection but he would also I
think he would say like yes sir
and he said one time in college it was
you know there's senior week so seniors
go to a beach town would say to
celebrate essentially that they're going
to graduate he wanted to go his junior
year and he said I want to go to I don't
know whatever beach it was Wilmington
Beach to sell you know for senior week
and his dad said I wish you wouldn't do
that and that was the end of the
conversation
big fight huh well he says like a big
argument there was no such thing as
being like what the fuck dad of course
it was just understood that that means
no yeah that's what he just was like
okay you respect your elders children
should be seen and not heard
which I mean the formality you see now
and top dog because his idea of
loungewear is khakis on a Sunday and
loafers like he doesn't he has zero
chill button yeah isn't that wild
yeah what that is chill for him he
thinks that super chill yeah khakis
loafers belt which were some comfortable
but American I am comfortable it blows
me away every time when he's over at the
house on a Sunday and you're like dude
even at home at his own house he would
wear that a button-down tucked in khakis
and you're like lunch when were
sweatpants or something you know like
something real answer yeah like that so
weird
yes are like it our kiddos on Full Tilt
he was laughing that's what they're
supposed to do right they're supposed to
be a little you know naughty puppy
that's the point
no you're good over the bluff yeah he's
doing when he's supposed to be doing he
just makes makes a mess our kitchen is a
fucking your mom's house pug hangout
that a fart where did you just come and
your Grandpa's old drafty hands time for
some funnel cake
that's amazing great good that was so
good Oh God
Oh dazzled by that welcome to your mom's
house podcast with your host the really
fun engaging and well hydrated Tom
Segura and the full tinted not as fun
Christina pea there you go that's not
cool
that is cool it's not nice yeah befouled
did it yeah I do get bigger every year
how's that possible I don't know they're
so big though hey Molly can I get a
grande vanilla latte Thanks jeans thanks
jeans he did hey money just glass and
you laughed and laughed and laughed and
laughed and do I thought of my way
two ounces
[Music]
yeah can I get no he did a Rogen style
oh hello moose soup drinkers you know
that Rogen sounds like yeah completely
does this monkey thing goes hello freak
bitch oh yeah it's yeah we didn't do
super that's hilarious
yeah all day on a long house podcast
with Tom and Christina
they got moose soup and everything ok
good stinger here's one this is one of
my favorites your mom's house podcast
you might leave here wishing you were
retarded that's magic oh good jakey very
much ok Z
thank you Jake it was great oh nice
nose-picking ah our son has picked it
out too
what am I supposed to do I mean that
it's so aggressive no no but there's a
lot of stuff in there I get it out cool
you know how you enjoy your body
functions like you're the only person I
know it's like oh I don't you love a
good sneeze like no not really
like you really relish your body
functions I just took the best peer I
took a big shit or just yeah I don't the
only thing I really
excuse me like I like taking a dump but
that's more about relieving discomfort
for me I don't really enjoy it yeah but
I like picking my nose like that's my
one yeah and I'm like I love take well
everybody picks you know everybody picks
they do everybody picks he thinks up
yeah I think something everyone's lying
that says that they're not who doesn't
pick their nose at some point they might
do it discreetly they might do it really
privately but no one doesn't clean their
nose out have to you have to of course
yeah you're a little more of a savage a
bit I am you know at one point my
stepsister we were driving around and
she was like stop picking your nose when
we were like 17 she's like she goes too
much too much picking I can't stop it
I know I've seen you at times I'm like
that's Batman that's a lot it is but I
enjoy myself welcome to your mom's house
podcast your favorite place to see Tom
Segura laughter damn Anne giving his
like
by a moving vehicle yeah speaking of
that cat there's a this you've seen this
one this came in to say video someone
submitted okay
what's wrong did you call from the
hospital
I don't know but she's screaming really
loud at the beginning she's in a
hospital again yeah on a moped
yeah with I don't know if that's a neck
brace on or something wrong with your
face grateful you need to go back to the
hospitals they're being so nice to her
[Music]
screams that's the way there's not
something like Amy Sedaris
I'd like a character she would do right
yeah yeah it's at me the world is so
fucked up man and I'm telling you and I
know this because now that I go to
playground and I see other parents with
their kids you can go that's why you
changes everything you guys are fucking
idiots and you're raising idiots and
there's more fucking idiots and
everybody's all worried about you know
which kindergarten you send your kid to
which preschool to get a leg up it
doesn't matter because most of people
are retards yeah most of the world is
full of fucking idiots there's a lot of
else out there yeah if you're a decent
human you're above you don't need to
send them to a fucking Montessori School
so do you find it funny when she's
screaming like that or no it makes me
sad for Humanity like I don't
okay I get real bummed out once you
screaming yes why because she should
know better like I get upset with
humanity because you should never
shouldn't be on remote yeah clearly
clearly donor hospital ike her she was
pretty cool yeah it was pretty funny
yeah no I liked it
ah yeah it's not great that's a good
scream coward damn catechist ran and you
know she's just doing it for attention
you think so no I mean yeah here's a
email we got can you spit on TP is it
okay to spit on toilet paper and then
wipe your be whole no I am in the Denver
Airport bathroom waiting for your
response
are you are you still there now wait
waiting I'm a hundred percent yes on
that a percent no in a public setting
and obviously not at home here's a
simple workaround I mean it's just kind
of grody to spit and then wipe your ass
with your own spit yeah well it's just
gross but I'm saying it's a bet if
you're sitting in a public bathroom
where you don't have a sink near you you
don't have a beverage with you well
here's what I'm telling you that bring
in you you've mentioned this yeah bring
the water bottle in well I'm saying you
know I'm saying you don't have it well
you can imagine yeah and you're not
feeling dirty now yeah you need
something to clean up man I'm a hundred
percent
I would rather dry rub it 1000 times and
spit it's just I I'm just opposed to
spitting in toilet paper and rubbing it
on my asshole I just I would rather dry
rub it and you know grow you can loosen
some of that dry mess up man with the
with the spit and on your own bit I just
I don't know I've done it many times I
didn't I didn't you know I didn't join
asking I started doing it a year or two
ago can your dad taught you know it was
my brother-in-law
one of them mention that I was like ah
gross and then I was like oh yeah that
makes a lot of sense started doing it
really thankful hasn't fucking hate
Hitler's I just listen to 406 decided to
pull them high and tight and drop a note
I've been married to my first cousin for
23 years we have three normal offsprings
Hank with all the normal bits and pieces
I wouldn't date my mom but I would marry
my mom's sister's daughter just like the
gays before breeding we had all the
testing done Dean to make sure we
weren't going to have any tardes all the
families supported us I can't imagine
sharing my trip with anybody else thanks
for making an unbearable job slightly
less unbearable mouth kisses all around
Jason I told you cousin fucking is it's
genetically okay no it's no it is that
is incorrect this is not good enough you
got to move it to the up time event is
going on it's just not working
maybe it's moving because look I'm out
of frame again it's not weird oh my OMG
what's happening oh it's trying to focus
or it's Oh
oh my god right I think when we play
clips it's trying to focus on this or
something it's just not it's oh my gosh
oMG I don't know what going on sorry
about that anyway back to cousin fucking
now you have it completely wrong when
you say it's okay and now he's telling
me you have children that are
genetically fine you got all the testing
done sure because like most people don't
have to have all the testing them before
they decide to start breeding sure the
so he's at a much higher risk for having
those genetic abnormalities and I would
say this guy is in the smallest
percentage of people who go we should do
that before we reproduce when they are
first cousins okay it definitely causes
abnormalities oh yeah I mean I don't
know I don't know I heard somewhere
especially in relation to royal
marriages that they are married cousins
frequently in royal families like way
back in the day so they do what
is that but they don't have a lot of
cards in the royal family have more
genetic issues health problems than
those who do not reproduce within the
same genetic family but it's not it's
not a for sure target it's not for shirt
or town but it's also not it's your
higher probability for having some type
of health problem right like dog
breeding of course you want to vary the
genetic pool I clearly I understand that
but I'm saying it's not necessarily at
our town sentence you're not you're not
variances are time yeah and and what
this guy mentioned that they had testing
done beforehand I think is probably
really smart extended smart if you're a
big deal cousins look call me whatever I
don't think marrying your cousins that
baby we deal with you guys are doing
good both of you I don't think it's that
I don't think it's that sacrilege the
cousin I didn't I don't have nobody to
think it's what I mean I wouldn't fuck
my female cousins so I'm opposed to to
marrying and and having sex with any of
my first cousins yeah
like that to the length limit hot yeah
it doesn't it doesn't register on the
thing to me at all as a possibility but
I know that it's also very very common
in a lot of cultures yes I'm just saying
that I think I think more people should
be doing what he's doing and get and
getting worse yeah to make sure to our
town isn't inevitable yeah hey now
Jake twins oh sorry I don't you want to
see this one okay dick yeah I was
listening to latest podcast with I would
say that that burp was so feeble it was
like why do it into the mic if you're
not even getting solid it was weak I'll
give you yeah why would you do that I
want to send my special light on this
topic of identical twins having
identical penises I am a twin I could
tell you that my brother and I do in
fact a different size penis huh on
vacation my brother had too much to
drink and passed out on the couch in his
underwear
my ex-girlfriend who was on vacation
with us went into the living room and
was straight glass and at his Apple bag
later on when I discussed with her she
described my brother's situation as a
large head shorter shaft hanging above
two coconuts however my setup is a
normal head average shaft and two
regular sized balls I hope this
information information helps you with
your debate next time in your you're in
New York come by for some moose soup
sincerely Mike es Tom and the
personality champ sorry Tina
[Music]
how is this happening I don't know if
the camera just wants to get close to me
I'm so beautiful today but this is crazy
right yeah what a blue band fix it okay
wait so these twins are identical
correct not oh my lmg not fraternal
right so they're dicks
now here's my my question with this dick
detective is he's talking about a
flaccid drunk penis versus an erect you
know and I understand the head of the
penis that's a big that is a difference
an aesthetic thing you know I wonder if
the size when erect is the same well
this guy
we didn't he said they don't have you
know when the question being into twins
have identical penises
he didn't say whether they were
fraternal or identical twins see that's
but I need I need identical twins and
I'm looking at as I asked I asked
fraternal twin Ryan Sickler uh-huh
different penises okay he's a twin
uh-huh different but we haven't asked
identical twins yet I really love the
scientific leanings our show is taken
lately I know pretty crazy how to blind
people why we're really really doing a
lot of great work men doing a lot of
great work
what can I share with you my thoughts of
course so I found Chaz Bono on Twitter
or the other day yeah and I was looking
at his whatever feed and I noticed that
like he's fully transitioned now I think
he has a penis like he's fully fully
he's on board and he's on the team yeah
I gotta tell ya and I mean this I'm not
being a shithead yeah I think he's
fuckin hot
really I you know me where did you see
this image just google google image Chaz
Bono 2017 okay what is it Chad Chad
that's his name now sure and I gotta
tell you that you know me I like bears I
like them I like big guys yeah stocky
and he looks I think he's hot I think he
did a great job whoever did whatever
work he looks great man him yeah he
looks great
I know I like now that's - I like him
with facial hair yeah see there you cute
yeah look he's got a good face looks
good man and a lot of times when women
see this week he's cute when women
transition they don't always look
masculine enough but he's lucky I think
the weight actually makes him look more
oh I like that picture that was cute yes
he's cute
yeah look like a regular dude yeah it
looks really good is really good for a
man this transition is like quite
impressive action oh my gosh I mean you
know they're always you're always or at
least you know generally speaking it's
usually about women they're like that
looks like oh my god she can fool you
right yeah yeah yeah you don't really
see as much with the other way like when
a woman transit that's why I'm saying
it's so hard for us to get bulkier to
get yeah to look masculine but his
features are really really really good
there's no way if you ran into this dude
you'd be like hey were you a woman
before a brownout you would never think
that and the weight helps I think yeah
no no and oh see there's a picture of
him with his shirt off like sitting in
shorts and stuff yeah he looks great
Levi you would never know that that was
a woman dude he looks fantastic than it
used to be a woman sorry yeah that's it
that he was a woman before I mean it
looks great true so anyway I June it
already changed I don't understand
what's going on oh it's happening
okay I got to tell you this because
normally we don't do this okay normally
when when we have like a shirt launch
we've had a few in recent weeks
completely normal came back to Netflix
so we did we released a new version of
sub Cain as like a celebration where I
partnered with dos Brack I think I don't
know how to say his name rate on
Instagram he's a great artist and then I
we did moose suit because it was so
timely but then we got this unbelievable
submission for a shirt design
and I have to make sure I say correctly
the credit for it so this short design
was so funny that I was like yeah we we
absolutely have to to do that and the
guys name here we go is a mark glass so
he's totally glass in mark glass
he has let's see designed by humans calm
he did ruff ruff ruff oh the rub rub rub
shirt I've seen I laughed so hard at
this design that I was like we were just
going to put it up so it's up there if
you go to merge method calm are you
serious
we made this shirt yeah immediately oh
my god yeah and how would you describe
it I'd prefer not to um well no you go
ahead
this is well it says it says of course
the the great phrase rah rah rah rah rah
rah and as my face and it looks like my
eyes are struggling to stay open because
I'm in ecstasy and it looks like
something on it dripping off of the face
there yeah that's good hey if you're
tall I mean if you want the shirt around
Gordon would around come dripping from
your beard be my guess babe that's what
it is you'd be more appreciative I am I
think it's really neat thank thank you
Mark for doing that thanks mark and I
just wanted to give you a shout out you
think they make them in tea to the size
of our son babe your kid wants to wear
that wrap can I tell you something else
that happened we actually had the rubber
out guy cut together with Kim in the
great man we're a little audio fun do
you want to hear what the two of them
either yeah Kim an of course if you
don't know is a
of the great adult performers of all
times and she and the Rev Rev guy are
both Asian and we decided that both
sexual people what would happen if we
threw them together yes well we remember
we do what I was gonna say that we've
been working on the blue bands been
working us because we had the idea few
weeks ago you were sitting down and we
thought wouldn't it be a power couple if
you will the two of them through them
are perfect yeah yeah to to the great
this is like what it would be like if
the two of them met and and did some
more together so blue band put this
together whenever we do the scene we
always fuck hot anyway
ancient sinks and just get the oil in my
head and you rock
Hank already drop drop drop rock and
what you need to do is be mindful about
your spine especially in the vagina
especially on the Koran penis problem
you need to start judgment from right or
wrong could be Pam once one right side
fifty pounds in the left side you come
false with the combat it comes out this
can't be my agent
[Music]
[Applause]
there you go
that's beautifully good better than I
expected yeah so that's a great man
waiting for that now you have Kim in and
a rock drum really special right what's
his name um I looked it up it's uh it's
not Kyle I'll tell you that it's
different
I I forgot I forgot I don't want to look
it up again okay but it's it's a good
name special name then somebody put this
word this is you I guess this is you um
compression conferment press pause right
now yeah I want to take care of
something for the rule jeans okay I'll
be right back all right I turn up the
thermostat it's way too cold
yeah so you did that I change the
setting on this I don't know if it does
auto zoom why that's even an option
hey could you set this thing to zoom
whenever it feels like it it was this
video of you I guess you did this while
you were driving or something
I see I'm you to be impressed by my
little comment and my little post of my
nigga guess label at the end of the day
I'm still gonna go home to my nigga and
fuck him and get my pussy a while you
know just saying wow wow big words
that's if you're just listening as most
of the audience does that's a white lady
yeah he's real comfortable throwing
things around them yeah that those are
big words real bitch
oh you al dollar Santa's fuck Beach why
would you reject on somebody you don't
know that that's really fair and
obviously you can see I'm not ugly bitch
in my hand hold down might be a little
bit never claimed to be Stannis you know
in her defense and here's just a theory
you know she could be a mixed you know I
mean like no she could be right okay I'm
just trying I'm just trying to help wrap
so know there are black people that are
really super light oh no you're totally
right yeah 100% right she's not yeah
yeah well thing yeah but I mean she's
put it yeah at Caribbean
you know she's got those nice eyes
pretty eyes like Rihanna's kind of
light-skinned yeah this is this is quite
a few shades lighter okay this is a I
don't know I would say she's kind of
like
me well no she's not like a blondie
blue-eyed I know but yeah I'll just stop
like I see it on suits and tear and I
don't see near stupid ass one other one
after I forgot her name you were ever
living anyway but I think I find you I'm
going to everybody that was talking shit
to come in the back pictures white
bitches nigga skinny in hell they don't
know I'm still waiting know where do you
think where you think she's from South
Atlanta yeah it's a South but not only
that Lana not the deep south we're
talking like Atlanta South what do you
cook okay you know I think like when you
take Alabama's different accent than
like Atlanta that's what I'm saying oh
you think you know what I'm saying from
Bama or something negative I'm saying
she's from Atlanta Oh Oh see I think
she's from my smaller populated area Oh
my guess would be that she's maybe maybe
she's in the outskirts of like Norfolk
or something okay oh hey that's another
one yeah yeah because Virginia is super
weird
yeah not whoo yeah that's a real weird
mix yeah yeah but like she doesn't live
in Norfolk like she lives interesting
theory like 30 minutes from it and and
yeah you know there's some country-ass
shit going on where she lives sure now
she's responding to the haters in her
comment fetus yeah I think she must have
like posted something I mean I'm sure
there's more this girl's upset on
Facebook she's not afraid to use big
words that's all we got on it but
interesting yeah I don't care what race
you are baby I'm not racist
young bitches have got me fucked up but
it's just the black bitches that talking
so that's why I said black Meucci mm-hmm
she driving yeah I always wonder how
people do that yeah because I think to
get out that much anger while you're
driving is not even it's not good for
your driving and we should pull over
I never thought I was doing but I back
you I've gets better than any of these
bitches in this book no hey I think it's
weird maybe different to brag about how
good you are at writing dick well you
know it's Margaret Thatcher said if you
have to tell people you're a lady right
you know yeah it's always the stalkers
that it's always the quiet ones that are
doing shit yeah he had a top dog face
well I'm thinking about how I bet she's
just really aggressive like I could bet
I could see her busting like breaking
your dong open yeah I think she probably
miss mistakes enthusiasm for good for
good yeah yeah there's a lot of
enthusiasm there a lot of anger energy
right you know it's not the same
negative it's not the same as it's doing
good you guys are doing good yeah it's
different you know
okay y'all need to stand them up fucking
Osteria any motherfucking way ain't got
no career in their home same karaoke we
have and by the way and some of the
light because - why they trying to take
up with a cheek of the violinist a nigga
good time afraid nigga whoa anybody talk
- I was saying nigger - I don't know I
think there's some people you know what
I'm curious of go ahead how many black
people would prefer somebody to be this
open with their big words right you know
I mean like I remember one time it was a
Clayton Peters Russell Peters brother
told me when he had a corporate job he
worked with a guy that he knew was
racist but the guy he goes he was open
about it and that's what I respected his
eye he likes not just ladies I do think
she's probably writing that she's
probably not racist right definite
things she actually I think she's
somebody who thinks that she has a Hall
Pass she thinks she has a Hall Pass
because she's got black inner meaning
black by injection so she was thinking
like well do to have sex with a black
guy right like I clearly I'm down and
all most of her friends are probably
yeah so she's culturally you know she
does obviously spend time in that
community Oley there's a certain level
of comfortable
with that I wonder if like it was never
cool I think she's cool for or if thank
you for like no I don't prefer that you
do this I think I mean I don't know I
can only speculate but I can't imagine
it
anybody like that's okay you can say
that I think some people would I don't
know yes I wouldn't be a but I know what
I'm talking about it's not a blanket
vote I think it wouldn't be a hundred
percent I just wonder if it's 90 percent
or whether it's more 50/50 oh that's you
want to take an unofficial poll yeah
sure
I would love to take on an official rule
if you're black and you're listening to
this and post on the Facebook page or or
send an email to your mom's podcast at
gmail.com it's not your mom's house
podcast it's your mom's podcast and let
us know if you go actually I don't mind
I think the thing is this is fine as
long as you're hanging out with a lot of
black people yeah having sex with them I
guess it's okay I will she really I'm
sure the guys that as such with her all
the time we're probably like this is
fine that's me that's my point of view
all right anybody that would really like
if you were like I'm going to call you
names or whatever every day okay well
here's here's a story so you know I
talked about this in my my hour that's
going to come out soon having an Indian
step family I had a genius that dad and
three Indian stepsisters we were very
politically incorrect around the house
openly open it was a joke like we'd call
him my mother would call him a towelhead
and why don't you why don't you put
fucking laundry on your head and then he
would call her goulash tips or whatever
like yeah and there's it was just
silliness well there's the seed like
that now that's still different from
this though because that to me is
affection like all my friends that are
of any marginalized group or ethnic
group that aren't white I if I really
care if it if I really like them I would
tease them I have my life now about
whatever it is right I mean right yeah
yeah but that to me is like you're
showing that's like a way it's the sign
of it it's like affection for guys yeah
it's it well it's also an old-school way
of showing affection like it this is
different yeah I thought the n-word was
so so loaded yeah
it's such a harsh I mean like - I have
black friends that I say you know
inappropriate things - but I don't drop
and bombs on I have I mean you know like
re III I would but I feel weird not
saying some key about James do it yeah
but that's like because I like if I
didn't like him I would never say now
okay so let's let's do this conversation
because I did have n-word in my act
prior not that I'm saying it I say as
Dick Clark assuming that he was a racist
piece of shit so now I did that I've
done that bit in front of black
comedians for a while now and I've
gotten and you know and people that
we're pretty close with and I've never
gotten anything right negative feedback
and they'll fucking tell you I I feel
like I'm close enough to people that
they'll be like this really fucked up
big words anyway I guess it's context
dude contour it's an interesting it's an
instant cultural debate there's more
like the Rachel Dolezal thing she's
where she's like yeah I could say
whatever I want becoming not that that's
wrong because that lady didn't say that
that I'm what I'm saying is that that
lady was like lady I'm prey
she's clearly a white lady and like yeah
but I identify as black which is great
but I think that this this person right
now basically thinks I mean without
saying it I think she thinks that she's
yeah in the club well it's called
cultural appropriation happening a lot
here yeah of course yeah don't know
bitch intimidate me and if I bitch think
she can beat my ass I will wait on it
cuz I was serious a nigger to anybody
that's up to me with white black Indian
Mexican II don't care I don't care
black white Chinese a candy stripes I
don't give a fuck yeah I don't know man
and but she has that thing where she was
under care I did like Rick Ross on
background with my friend I swear I
kissed out there's my mom
normalization sorry a southern yeah
she's super so yeah and that's wrong
today
- could I go okay Monica Hobbs you want
to come the cursor is okay nobody's
going to play me I don't care what
probably you yeah yeah different strokes
same same strokes for everybody that's
da man put a white bitch spoke up see ya
later she is off yeah I never had a
brother like you so I'm not good job but
that's why baboom you found the right
one she really I mean if she's
auditioning she's got the part
yeah you you done it you did it really
did that you definitely did it
well she feel I mean that's the question
- with the Rachel Dolezal and little you
know this kind of with this a girl it's
like if you what does it mean like if
you feel a certain culture you know you
feel like that's your culture and your
race around in that environment like
who's to say you know I don't fucking
know I don't know no no I mean I know
that I feel like she's bought a lot of
guys sneakers at the mall for them
before but I don't know is that all it
takes to win a man's heart I mean
they're sneak I think she's she knows
exactly like everyone 13 yeah okay I got
you I think I do boo-boos Wow yeah yeah
she's um she's something trying to think
of well and I don't know dude whatever
different I real quick hair looks for
everybody I'm going to ball Sacramento
California punchline I think the the too
early shows are sold out I think there
might be tickets left to the Late Show
August 12 and maybe maybe August 11th to
check it out Tom Segura calm slash tour
Tom Segura calm slash a tour and what
else if you go to my that same page I'm
hearing up to shoot a special September
6 well well in Denver they release an
extra couple hundred tickets that were
withheld because of the shootings so the
Early Show has less than a hundred
tickets left
September 16th Late Show has maybe a few
more but they're going to be gone soon
if you want to go to the taping it's in
Denver I'm also doing Oakland Lincoln
Nebraska I'm doing Springfield Missouri
Midwest City Oklahoma and going to
Toronto Portland Maine a couple other
that have been added in recent weeks
coming to do a big show here in LA at
The Wiltern in November so there's a
bunch of shows check out to see if your
city is on my site Tom Segura comm slash
tour Gina I know you have a couple
coming up right I do yes first of all
autist 23rd we're doing your mom's house
live in brest Falls Beach at the improv
soaked on Laura Florida if you're in
Palm Beach County Broward County Indian
River County Dade County please come out
to the breast Falls Beach improv big
County also September 22nd 23rd I'm in
st. Jude tips or st. Luke's it's
Missouri
yeah here iam comedy crab October 4th in
Charlotte North Carolina at the comedy
Zone October 5th
Nashville Tennessee at the zany's and
then October 8th we're doing your mom's
house live in sperm vine California and
we are honoring the tickets from July
9th since we had to push that so
apologies but we will be honoring your
tickets there October 8th also check out
that's deep well I answer people's crazy
life emails you like talking about life
and getting deep on stuff check out that
steep row and that's it man I'm so done
on time thanks Roz dude or this is blood
done sir
last week I talked about Bukowski don't
try we've heard of that yet on his
tombstone is written don't try that's a
great great quote man isn't it the
funniest thing ever
yeah I really it's very meaningful so I
get deep on that that's great
watch him really like that oh fucking
move
fuck chic get off the fucking roid
ccleaner he's fired up though ah
speaking of UK so last week we were
talking about why on earth why on earth
would a man choose to be a gynecologist
yeah and house was interesting fucking
weird that is and you've clearly got to
be a pervert of some sort and women uh
dick doctors yeah well I can't we can't
speak on that but yeah so this jet
gentlemen rode in from the UK and okay
so he says he works with a number of
male consultant gynecologists they
vastly outweigh the women which is
definitely an unusual seeing as Medical
School is roughly sixty forty women two
men so anyways he thinks the big
attraction why men choose gynecology
that he writes you're able to separate
yourself from what you see so although
the issue around sex is definitely there
that is a relatively small price to pay
to know that nothing you see can happen
to you and also not having a frame of
reference on how it would actually feel
which is good so mean if it's a total
train wreck down there you can look at
it in partially as an outsider and go
well I guess I'd better stitch this back
on and get on with it
instead it like if you're looking at a
dick just like causes you're too
empathetic almost at arresting so if
you're full of empathy it's great to
remove yourself from your set
totally and that makes sense like you
don't want you want a divorce all of
those really i neverthought idea and
secondly he says that the it's a real
macho field gynecology and doing
gynecological procedures and surgeries
and very macho and it's also much easier
truck than that i don't remember i don't
know i got an email that it's easier to
get into gynecology yeah i don't know
then then if you were to be like a
fucking heart surgeon oh right but the
but the glamour is high
so meaning like there's a it's it's just
more prestigious to do I guess you know
women stuff really it's difficult yeah
yeah he says it's very macho because
you're really your plan God you know
with women's innards and no fibroids and
shit like that like good life comes oh
yeah so it's a high reward
I'm guessing anyways I thought that was
fascinating that is that's interesting
yeah oh yeah corny like yelling at a
sheep fucking Heil mine fucking man yeah
thanks so mad at an innocent sheep can
you do his accent uh fucking move it
that's pretty good
your fucking sheep your fuck ok Scotland
Scottish I think so he calls him a fat
dick fat dick yeah that's what he said
there oh yeah partying oh you can't
[Music]
fucking hell my lock in Elmen skin yeah
fire bank no it sounds like Francis
Begbie yeah I watched the second one you
did a flight yeah did you love it yes
great dude I fucking love that move I
mean it can't live up to and ever hearts
like when it I think when the movie
really moves into the whatever the third
act I was not as invested in it like oh
this is moviemaking this is a making
this story come together but it's fun to
see the characters again yes that's the
part I enjoy it as being them seeing
them back and getting in trouble with
yeah those fun it's cool just fucking
great movie Trainspotting dude fuck dick
yeah fat dick The Fat Duck
he's stupid cunt fuck shit fucking hell
fucking hell oh cool fuck off I missed I
didn't hurt the Sheep I was scare away
first so he doesn't he just drives away
because this angriest shit that he can't
drive down the street I kind of don't
like when they spray-paint sheep like
it's really silly spray paint I'm a nice
bull yeah he's very this guy's real
hacker oh yeah yeah I enjoyed him though
fucking point yeah a lot of things we
fucking need yeah thanks well middle oh
my god so of course there's no such
thing nothing can compare to the
greatest dad boner of all time which we
already know that it the tram okay and
of the highway it's the Canadian dad
boner and the Canadian he definitely
wears the crown
Oh story like this road cows nobody
Oh see now I'm listening
is he Jonah he just loves highways so
we've had different ones we've had you
know dad boners that love what every
solar eclipse old train train train
boners are pretty big
this is our first plane boner this guy
parks in a fast-food parking lot and
watches planes on their approach at an
airport bully and gets really fucking
excited about it I mean it's he's in the
running I mean you can't eclipse
Canadian dad but this is pretty
excitable for fucking commercial
airlines oh it's not like special no
like a pariah and he's landing it's like
a Cessnas and should know oh yeah oh
yeah it's an Airbus a319s 4 3 3 yeah oh
yeah yeah okay Oh Boeing 737 like a
Southwest plane brow relax
this guy's this exciting is really oh my
word my way oh way to 737 sorry did you
notice that also by the way that these
guys are all these dad boners are real
clean like they don't curse
yeah oh my word oh my god heavens and
stars yeah cheese and rice don't go
fucking bullies shit yeah yeah Wow train
guy - he's like oh oh no I think it's
because you're sublimating everything
else in your life for that like you're
repressing something else somewhere else
muttering you're not only here's your
brain to mature you're not using your
dick you're not you're not having come
gasm like what if a guy took you on a
date he goes we're going to park it's
his White Castle and watch planes land
going are we five are our little toys
I'll explain he loves a point up at them
by waves waves by Biden
are you one-and-a-half yeah that's kind
of what this guy should be doing yeah
his development is stunted somewhere
right mm-hmm
it's not normal these are
commercial these are planes of the
thousands of them land every day if
you've ever flown you're like okay
that's sack unless he's putting it on
like putting us all on you know these
are just giant fart bubbles in the sky I
think they're so grown nothing exciting
about this nowadays no I can't believe
it Boeing 737 come from Los Angeles
maybe he's touched yeah he might be
special he could be very special
wait we haven't even thought of that
what if he's just started he's not
retarded
are you sure we parked under someone
drove him there no I don't think I don't
think so I don't think he's retarded I
don't use regard to that I think that
he's just really it's just it's like
misguided energy you know you shouldn't
be like this
no you should have orgasms has been yeah
you should feel like this for like tits
right right
what if but what if they are on the
spectrum of some kind of behavior I
guess so I guess it's possible students
weird for sure super wish that we could
get my awesome I got something awesome I
got something else it could be that this
guy's doing a bit no no no I knew him
yeah that's real the enthusiasm is too
real come from it again
that's like he's so stoked that's how
little kids are how do you know that was
familiar see we're about selling the
flight patterns I mean there's like act
like flight deck you can see what yours
or what yeah oh yeah come on fun
character to play yeah oh boy so sorry
Sam Cal is she
oh my word as far as the fur did it pick
it up yeah maybe subtly yes
so sane it's not excited doesn't smell
very yellow God just do it in it it's my
own hello
help mommy in the last few years I've
rekindled relationship with my own mom
she wasn't in my life for years because
of addiction and other factors as we
have hung out more often things are back
to normal we part ways she tries to
plant a smooch
right on my mouth personally I wouldn't
marry my mom and try to turn a chick
before it lands what's the best way to
duck out of these house kisses with my
mom without being a how you say asshole
okay so your and she's your mom yeah I
don't want an area man they but they had
you know many years apart yeah things
are better now but she tries to do mouth
kisses it's simple because I tell you
there's somebody in my life who
continent for years goes to say goodbye
to me and Mountain tries to mouth kiss
what you do is go for the cheek you just
bypass the mouth and go cheek and act
like that's that's what you just being
so much yeah you just establish that I
think you just start you could start
leading kisses that's maybe the way to
or yeah yeah the other way when you say
hello give her a hug and like just go
right go right for that cheek yeah you
know so it's not really you're not
response you're not playing defense
you're being playing offense yes that's
what I do is that's a good way to do
honey yeah who doesn't
I'll tell you off mic all right it's a
friend that I've had for you know 17
years oh really
uh-huh good uh-huh it's weird I know how
blind people know when they're done
wiping mommy's I can't believe no one
has written the real answer people why
people fold the TP when they think they
are done if they this is a second
thank give I don't know this is doesn't
nothing yeah sorry guys um how many head
scratch is equal one BJ oh boy my
boyfriend and I have been listening to
podcast since we started dating four
years ago we recently bet on John Jones
versus Daniel Cormier fight number two
if John Jones wins I get five head
scratching if DC wins my boyfriend gets
one
BJ you're wondering this is the stopper
exchange rate for head scratch DJ's well
first of all justine thanks hitler's she
writes and first of all congratulations
on your head scratches because john
jones did indeed win this past weekend
five head scratches for one bj yeah now
that sounds about right that sounds
right to you well it depends because I
would say you're you owe me dozens of
BJ's at this point whatever
I think but here's the thing the head
scratches for me has to be I go to sleep
with them so you need to do the
scratchies until I'm asleep more than
you think that's five that I give you
five yeah well how many is that you
probably get 40 to 60 oh no no she's
saying five I'm sorry I understood this
to me in five five sessions uh-oh I
think you need to be clear about that
and a lot of people are like you know no
not one two three four five
yes scratches yes bullshit that's not
even a head scratch but you're saying
two five head scratchy sessions equal a
bj I think that's about right if it's a
session a session yeah five sessions
full sessions which means we're laying
in bed I'm ready to go to sleep and then
I go give me scratches and then I get
scratches until I fall asleep
yeah I've been trying to ask for the BJ
in return for those scratches but we're
just marking up your debt by the way you
totally just blew off your helicopter
BJ's those are supposed to be mcclee
Abba we we've got distracted life took
over we didn't get back to the
directional if you don't want to see me
in a buh-bye pretty soon buh-bye better
start wears a ring I've had my eye on so
how much dog food will I need to eat for
that man
no I'm serious I want a new updated
wedding ring because ours is so I can't
wear it okay I'm allergic but how many
cans of dog food will I have to eat for
a new wedding band we could we should
switch it up while we switch it up to
BJ's and dog food or just seizure PJ's
you don't have any more dog food okay
yeah I felt bad when you ate that last
time it was worth it those rings are all
nice that's a nice ring yeah you earned
it
wait the other one now it's this one no
yeah that's right that's the dog
yeah this you gave me for my special
which is very sweet of you yeah I do
need a proper wedding band because the
other one I can't wear no thing in
breaks and we've talked about this
you're supposed to give me some things
to take in I know I know but I and I got
this these balls are awful all I need
those you just got home last night
you came home all tired and you took
shits remember last night we were going
to sleep and you're like oh good should
make thanks yeah you've been shooting
since you got home we haven't had a
chance to get in there hey mommy I'm an
aids Lana mommy right Atlanta about
people facetiming ah I'm currently
getting my car worked on I'm in a lobby
and these low and loose assholes are
facetiming with someone singing happy
birthday twice stop once in Spanish once
in English Jesus Christ pesos crystal
after they finished singing they
continue to have their conversation with
the person with the vault you all the
way up hanging over 15 minutes I go
outside but it's 9 degrees and humidity
low and loose situations stay high and
tight Caesar or sets out I don't know
how you say it but that is some fucking
bullshit I really feel like we you know
it's time to start telling people hey
Ellie's compleanno are you fucking out
of your mind right now where were we
when that old guy's phone went off and I
was like can I say something to him I
was like oh no no no hell no hell no
didn't I say that too handsome
where were we I don't remember I
remember that I was like uh ah dude yeah
yeah um no no I was just ringing and
ringing and ringing and then that's the
words all people swarming they only have
a fucking pick it up I was in a doctor's
office now where a patient had words
with another patient
which doctor dick cells no no no
different doctor the the witch doctoring
just don't worry I was kidding so the
blurry our next aim yeah the the person
was on the phone and it says there's a
big sign there no cell phones allowed
and so another patient in the doctor's
office goes excuse me good and that
person on the phone was like like what
she's like you're not supposed to be on
your phone in here and she was like oh
like um I and she was like I gotta go
saying and cycle yeah but there's a huge
sign that says it yeah dildo no one to
hear your fucking conversation that's
the worst part about this is that it's
really an intrusion on other people's
auditory old function yeah yeah and you
don't even you don't even fucking think
about it like that's the thing as people
who just don't it don't that that to me
an auditory assault may it makes me I
hate whistlers I hate people that talk
on their fucking speakerphone or watch a
movie full volume or video why we're
married yeah they're like these are
actually in our core values their core
values the tenets of our marriage are
really that we don't abuse my ears in
public well you and I are not yellers we
never yell across the house that's
fucking not happening no yeah and we
don't like loud sounds or public
gathering so fucking loud man yeah why
are you so fucking loud yeah very rude
it's super rude just obliviousness you
know yeah hey ji jeans with GE any
anthony like that you've talked about
workers coming over and taking a shit
indiana yep yep yep my mom has people
working on her roof who came over and
immediately dropped hot sevens in the
bathroom fuck she coming at the end of
the day i say told me that not only was
your worker brown sprayed all over the
place but that her dog went in the trash
and shredded toilet paper all over the
house she cleaned it up she realized
there was brown on the paper now these
workers shit in her house and threw the
poo paper in the trash can oh dear what
the fuck I guess it's just like the gays
I know a few people that aren't going to
be invited over for moose soup no
questions here just sharing one of the
worst things I've ever heard of
happening well there's a good chance
that those are from Latin America those
guys you know so they are used to
throwing their poo paper in the trash
because of a plumbing down there or it
could be they're working on the plumbing
maybe she didn't say what type of
workers they are and maybe the plumbing
to accommodate she said root okay you
know I bet that because my one of my
buddies who's married to a Mexican woman
yeah said that you know when his family
visited he's like I had to keep like do
not put your shit paper in the toilet
and they and they don't put it in
I mean I the trash because they do that
out of have it yeah yeah I have it so he
put signs in the bathroom good
yeah flush I did America we flush it
down dude if it's brown it goes down
yeah all all of it anything brown you
live you have a brown shirt on you put
in as well you got away came dude yeah
Americans do not we don't want to see it
smell it just go away
yeah goes go old it was horrifying to
God Janani we're weird
ah she's so weird about it I would have
crashed my car if I was at that red
light and that lady on the moat I was
like I gotta go ah I like that she
drives away like this
uh-huh you need to go back to that oh my
god where do you think is this Texas I
bet you this detection mode why Alexis
because I like see the strip mall yeah
some Texas remote just if I might be
right um those ladies are so nice to her
though
you ladies me other cars I think that
they were enjoying it and using the
cover of being nice yeah good way you
need to go to the hospital because if I
were laughing
I would be like you're all right too but
then just keep laughing yeah that's
fuckin funny ruining this psycho oh no
the world is so nice time um what else
I'm supposed to be on Conan next week
out how I say as opposed to because you
never know how things change
yeah so showbiz guys oh but maybe keep
an eye out for that and you're gonna
make some moose soup I am anything else
for you jeans
um I mean not you know no same shit
different toilet guys I'm sure different
toilet cute yep yeah little face i will
put in face a pudding pop kid who is
that that is a my son keeping a height
Devon from shits filled a statute that's
a to shift
sorry chief good title good good job
good job buddies all right
that's a gene that's it anything else
let me just make sure yeah okay thanks
for listening to the show thanks for
supporting the show we'll be back next
week
and that's it all right gene I love you
guys sorry for the zooming in and out in
the first part of the annoying this is a
state troopers by Chris Spence as your
presence on LA all right couple of state
troopers god bless everybody
Bhaiji hey do you think you could spend
like a few hours of safari and my page
well I mean look all right
[Music]
Simon took the dads now mother will kiss
it on the mouth I don't remember what
hello Hey it'll make bulletproof after
awhile our books we talking about
template state troopers
okay okay dude you just like fart I got
to keep my chase together okay
he's placing hours a day to respond
bastard how about the other guy already
died right now you feel the time come
into your mouth
[Music]
time to do something you know I don't
want to get into the detail
I gotta keep my cheeks together whether
what - well I mean like well I mean like
well I mean like well I mean like well I
mean like we talked about date do first
okay